Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
Are you awake?
Who's there?
Is that Mamoru-kun's voice?
Sounds like you're fine.
Guess we won't need a doctor.
I had the weirdest dream.
I came back to the year 2023, and then a
wrecking ball smashed into Radio Kaikan...
After that, I ran into
Mamoru-kun as an old man.
And in a slightly different
way from the manager...
Hey!
What are you mumbling about?
If you're fine, then get up.
Y-You're still old!
Quit your screaming.
O-Old... Old man...
Be quiet for a minute.
Computer, call Matsubara-san.
Right away.
Yes, Matsubara speaking.
Rokuta here.
Good evening, President.
I'm sorry, but please move the rest
of my appointments and meetings
to tomorrow at the earliest.
Some urgent business came up.
Understood.
I'll be sending over your
revised schedule shortly.
Thank you very much.
Take care now.
It's been twenty years. No, longer?
You haven't shown your face for a while now.
Why did you travel back in time again?
I-I didn't!
I didn't travel back in time!
This is the era I came from!
2023 is the year I was in originally!
But after making my way back from 1999,
the Akiba I know is nowhere to be found!
No concept cafés or
people handing out flyers,
and not an otaku in sight!
There's nothing that I recognize!
I'm not sure I understand,
but otaku-related stuff disappeared
from this town ages ago.
What?
Akiba's been a high-end residential
area for the past several years.
Redevelopment plans have
led to high-rise apartments
and office buildings being
built left and right.
S-So you're telling me all of it is gone?
Akiba doesn't have any otaku,
games, or bishojo left?!
Bishojo are still here, aren't they?
Huh?
Look, the building over there.
What?!
A tale of heroes that you create
A tale of heroes that you create.
All Heroic Spirits assemble!
America's number one hit game is
finally being released in Japan!
Fate Gears of Order.
Let us join forces in battle, Master!
F-F-F-F-Fate?!
You're telling me that's Fate?!
Th-That can't be right!
Ph-Phew...
This one's the real deal...
Master!
Ascension Stage
Switch Display
Help
Welcome back!
Wait, no!
What?!
16bit Sensation:
Another Layer
Well, it's been ten years.
"I'll Give It All I've Got!"
The electric town disappeared,
and the radio tower took its place.
Right now, they're in the middle
of building a stadium here.
What about shops aimed at otaku?
Where do you buy games and doujinshi?
All the shops that sell
those are in Ikebukuro now.
If you want to find otaku, you'll
need to go to Ikebukuro or Shibuya.
What about arcades?
Nope.
Maid cafés?
Jangara?!
Inside the train station.
Kebabs!
Go to Ueno instead.
C-Canned oden?! Gachapon machines?!
We're almost there.
M-Mamoru-kun.
What about Alcohol Soft?
What happened to Alcohol Soft?!
Alcohol Soft is in the US now.
What?!
Wh-Why the US?
The game that we created, The Last
Waltz, became a hit as I expected.
No, it was more than I imagined.
It got ported to consoles, and
adapted into a TV anime and drama.
But that's not all.
American corporations happened to take notice,
and the game's development got moved there.
W-Wow!
Everyone except for me is in
the US now making games.
And I don't mean just Alcohol Soft.
There's also Elf, Aquaplus,
Type-Moon, Nitroplus...
The Chiyoda Ward Alliance,
or Chiyoren, is now the LAA.
LAA?
The Los Angeles Alliance.
The big names are all in America now.
It's easier to raise big capital over there.
Nowadays, the bishojo of the world
come from the US west coast.
Alicesoft is just about the only
big player still left in Japan.
S-So are you saying this is
what bishojo look like now?!
That's right.
Wh-Why did this happen?!
Wh-What happened to Japanese
bishojo games, then?
Japanese bishojo...
I guess you'd say they're
on the brink of extinction.
What?!
They can't compete with the overwhelming
amount of bishojo from overseas.
Y-You can't call this bishojo!
People argued about the same
thing about 15 years ago.
But that debate has been settled.
Times have changed.
These changes are news to me!
This must be a different world line!
What the hell is a world line?
A world line is, well, you know!
Like in Steins;Gate or YU-NO—
Wait... do those games
not exist in this world?
I-I'm going back!
To the world I came from!
What do you mean by that?!
Hey!
Mamoru-kun, what do you do now?
You're as restless as ever, I see.
My job here is to supervise
American bishojo content.
Even though you're not in the US?
I have a number of things left to do here.
Does that mean you don't make games anymore?
No, I don't.
I see...
Hey, Mamoru-kun.
The food from back then...
No, never mind.
See you around, old man Mamoru-kun!
Thanks a lot for your help!
Tour Akihabara with Akiba Taxi
Safe and reliable
unmanned control by AI!
A taxi, huh?
Thank you for riding with us.
This is a self-driving taxi.
Currently in AI-operated self-driving mode.
You will be guided by voice.
Please face the screen and state your route
or destination.
Please state your desired destination.
U-Um, can I use mobile payment for this?
Currently in AI-operated self-driving mode.
You will be guided by voice.
Please face the screen and state your route
or destination.
We accept all forms of mobile payment.
U-Um...
Is there any place left
of the old Akihabara?
I'm sorry.
Please repeat your destination.
Well...
Um, please drive around
Akihabara in a circle!
Understood.
Th-This can't be real.
There's no way this could be happening.
I mean, all I did was make a single game.
How could that lead to all of this?!
Um, taxi!
Is there anywhere around
here that sells games?
Understood.
The world Konoha came from?
Where exactly did she come from?
Konoha's trip through time...
My trip through time...
That's right.
After I went back in time, I returned
to the place where I was at that moment,
as though a part was being drawn
to its original location.
It should be the same system for Konoha.
Which means...
Konoha should have been dragged back
to the original location where
she began her time travel.
But if it worked like it does in the movies,
and we're talking parallel worlds
or diverging timelines,
Konoha should have returned to the
2023 where history didn't change.
Original
Altered
Since that's her original location.
But that's not what happened.
Konoha ended up here, in this
world that's foreign to her.
That doesn't make sense if
these are parallel worlds.
In other words, what Konoha thinks
of as her original location...
no longer exists.
Konoha has...
nowhere to go back to.
Well?
Isn't it amazing?
What?!
Huh? Is something wrong?
More importantly, what do you think?
A first edition of The Last Waltz!
And a sealed copy at that!
Ever laid your eyes on that before?
It's this shop's precious big treasure!
Is this game really that amazing?
Huh? Y-You don't know?
Why, it was really something else!
End of line
Please line up in single file
Softmap
The Last Waltz
Available for
purchase here
It sold like hotcakes, not only
in Japan but in America as well!
This game founded a culture over there!
Man, I can't imagine what the world would
be like without this game!
Over in the US, they call this game the "OC"!
"Original Cuu", that is!
Cuu!
Oh, "cuu," you see, stands for "cute"!
It's a little hard to explain.
The word "cute" in America got
shortened into "cuu," they say.
Nowadays, everyone uses
it like any other word!
Is it something like "moe"?
The Progress of Ever-Evolving Cuu Games!
The History of Cuu Games
This is a timeline of games from this world!
Top Star Makers
I've never heard of these...
There's not a single title here I recognize!
"The Last Waltz"
considered...
the origin and the peak...
all Cuu games.
Huh!
So this is The Last Waltz!
So cute!
The old art style's good in its own way!
You can really tell this
is where it all started!
Ahem.
Well?
Do you understand now,
just how amazing this game really is?
The video game that united the world!
Don't you think it's wonderful?
Today, Alcohol Soft is a global corporation!
No one would believe that they
got their start right here in Akihabara!
Honestly, Alcohol Soft is the pride
of Japan! Its pride and joy!
As you can see, cuu has become
a downright phenomenon!
Cuu!
It really is this game's fault...
Excuse me, miss?
U-Um, hello?
Breaking News
Shooting Stars Announces Merger Agreement
Breaking news.
Game development company Shooting Stars
has announced a merger agreement.
We at Shooting Stars have decided
to enter a merger with Planet Games,
the world-renowned game company.
With this deal, we hope to create even more
captivating games that a greater
number of players can enjoy.
Shooting Stars
Toya Yamada, CEO
This merger will result in
a domestic company that ranks
as one of the world's biggest in
terms of market capitalization.
Toya-chan?
Mamoru-kun said that everyone from
Alcohol Soft is in the US now.
What about the Alcohol Soft building, then?
NOTICE OF DEMOLITION
Location of land            Summary of structure to be demolished
Sotokanda, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
Height:
Levels Above Ground 5
Material: Reinforced concrete
Floor area:
Oh no...
How long are you going to keep crying?
I mean... I mean...
This is all my fault, isn't it?
None of the games I know
ended up coming out!
History changed because
we put out that game!
Akihabara and bishojo are both gone now!
Hey, are you really still saying that?
Thanks to your game, Alcohol
Soft didn't go under.
In fact, it's wildly successful.
Akihabara is developing greatly as well.
Isn't that a good thing?
Aren't you the one who told me back then?
That it's okay to change history?
I did!
But I didn't know it'd turn out this way!
I was so stupid!
It just means the game
we made was that good.
That's not it!
I mean, the only reason
I was able to make that game
was because of the amazing
games that existed!
All I did was use those games as an example!
But thanks to me, all of those
amazing games stopped existing!
There's something I want to show you.
This way.
Huh?
Wh-What is this place?!
Hey, M-Mamoru-kun!
You said earlier that it's your
fault that history changed.
So how are you going to take
responsibility for this?
What?!
Do you know why I stayed
behind here in Akiba?
It's all for the PC-98.
I can't leave the PC-98
behind and go to America.
And yet!
No matter what I do, the
PC-98 remains obsolete!
Campaigning on social media!
Mamo-9801
The PC-98 really is so nice.
Obviously... great internals, but
the PC-98's design... great, the
sound is great, it smells great...
great, the back ports...
does its best to run programs...
Such a wonderful computer, yet...
In the shadows of human evolution,
the PC-98... In my next life, I want
to be a PC-98 and with my silicon...
and turn Akihabara
into Aki-98-bara...
Creating doujinshi!
I've tried everything, but the
PC-98 won't make a comeback!
And all of it is your fault!
What?!
Because you created this world, the
PC-98 has completely died out!
Huh?
Wait, no!
You murdered the PC-98!
I'm holding you responsible for it!
What?!
Th-That's totally unfair!
You don't know what to say to that, right?
Huh?
What I just said requires
some preposterous logic.
But how do you know it wasn't your
fault that the PC-98 went obsolete?
It could have been caused
by your game, couldn't it?
Likewise, no one can say whether you
caused Akihabara and bishojo to decline.
Listen up.
You're just conveniently picking
out facts to feel guilty about.
That's not true!
I'm saying that you don't
have to feel guilt over it.
Everyone in this era took part in
deciding on this outcome.
What you're doing now is
being just plain arrogant!
Look.
Meiko-san.
Meiko is now considered a living legend.
And it began with that game of yours.
Are you saying that was a mistake?
Were the efforts of everyone
at Alcohol Soft a mistake?
Or are you saying that you still
prefer your original world?
Is the world you came from better than this?
It's not good at all.
Akiba is obscene, noisy, and a crowded mess.
In the summer, it's packed
with sweaty people.
It's totally chaotic, and
not a great place at all.
But that's what I liked about it!
It was a place for people
like me to have fun!
This squeaky clean Akiba
isn't the Akiba I know!
But in my short time here, after
wandering around Akiba, I can tell.
There are lots of people who
enjoy Akiba as it is now.
And...
I don't want to erase all of the work
that everyone at Alcohol Soft put in.
I want to go back to my world, but
I can't get rid of this one, either.
What should I do?
I wasn't done talking.
We're about to get down to business.
Pay attention.
I can't guarantee that what I'm
about to suggest will work out.
But if it does, you might be
able to go back to your world.
What?!
You used to carry those games
around with you, right?
The ones from that used video game store.
Do you still have them?
Huh?
Y-Yeah.
This is the only one that's left.
Comic Party.
A game from 1999.
Okay!
You're going to make another game.
Excuse me?
And not just any ordinary game.
A game that's fun enough to
stand against The Last Waltz,
which we made back in '99.
You'll take that game and go back
to 1999 one more time.
And immediately after The
Last Waltz is released,
you'll release this game from a
company other than Alcohol Soft,
so it can compete as a rival game.
By doing that, Alcohol Soft's
success will still exist,
while preserving the course
of video games in Akiba.
In other words,
we'll create the course of events that leads
to the 2023 you know, here in this 2023.
We'll bring both histories into
existence simultaneously!
What?!
I-Is that even possible?
I don't know.
Either way, it's impossible to perfectly
bring about the same future, even with this.
However, we should be able to
preserve bishojo culture in Akiba.
Now all that's needed is passion.
As long as the passion is there, bishojo
games can continue to exist in Akiba.
You're the one who needs
to create that passion.
Make a game that's capable
of that much, one more time.
O-One more time...
There's only one of me!
You want to me to make a game
all by myself this time?
I never said you had to do it alone.
I'll be there to help you out.
And that's not all.
You have these to help you, too!
Huh? Ah...
They can do anything
that you ask of them!
These PC-98s, that is!
Well?
They're the most reliable
partners you could ask for!
You're amazing, Mamoru-kun!
Huh?
You haven't changed a bit!
You may be an old man, but you
haven't changed, even a little!
Of course not.
Listen.
The world hasn't changed
as much as you think.
It just looks a little
different on the surface.
And your job is to change
it just a little again.
You can pull off that much, can't you?
Yeah.
Now it's a matter of motivation.
Do you still have some
motivation left in you?
Yeah!
You're facing off against your past self.
Can you beat her?
Okay, Mamoru-kun.
I'll give it all I've got!
"Original Cuu"↵
HELP for help
MENU1      MENU2     MENU3      SPLIT         FIND           REPLACE      CUT         COPY       PASTE     TAG:JP
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk